hello my love so I'll be doing this look
today using my face front cosmetics
makeup yeah mmm I don't know why you
can't see but it's really pretty up
close hmm no can't see it darn anyway
i'm going to show you anyway girlfriend
Lea paint pot great base for pink or
purple looks I love this paint pot it's
my second favorite after soft ochre
usually made it permanent though
so so so pretty
when I get sticky a little bit dry up ok
now I'm going to take my face front
eyeshadow loose shadow and blushing and
this reminds me kind of sort of like
rose I know it's not the same color in
there but the way it comes out it's sort
of like Rose pigment for Mac because it
has that iridescent to it it's really
pretty I'm going to squirt some fix+ oh
yeah totally scored it that way I don't
think there we go well I said at this
then just patting it on all over that
lid we r we applied the paint pot
hopefully you can see that Sheen it's so
pretty and then I'm going to take my 266
angled brush I'm going to take rapid
rabid rabid volcano and this is like a
hot fuchsia pink like that pink right
there boo and I'm going to use that as
my eyeliner really really cool first I'm
going to squirt my brush the tip of my
brush with some fix+ and then I'm going
to dip that in there so it does a lot of
color and then just start lining your
upper lash line
and also apply that on the lower lash
line just on the outer corners oh look
at that i think i'm gonna put someone on
the other side
ok
and then as my highlight i'm going to
use skinny dipper with a blending brush
like this I'm getting sick New York was
fun but crazy it was raining the whole
day we were there didn't really enjoy it
mm-hmm plus I didn't get to go to the
post or zoos raining all i got was this
really pretty fresh marina from
Chinatown I got like a million of them I
love passion penis and they were like
four dollars they're still baking so
warm and so fuzzy okay then lash blast
the amazing lash blast I've gotten a lot
of compliments on my blog they're saying
how fake my lashes looked this did that
okay this is my secret weapon I've
learned that if you apply a really
really thin layer of mascara first when
your lashes and then curl it this only
works with large bless to tell you the
truth because lash blast has combs in it
now you see how they're all clumped up
there really thick homes in there
separates that yet you still get that um
curl that will stay
I need to get a good blush color i'm
thinking between shoot amaura or the mac
one what do you guys think I should get
don't you just hate it when you get
mascara all over your eyeshadow did what
head
damn 47 minutes okay then i'm going to
apply some hip bone blush very very
light pink shimmery blush use my skull
brush you pat it on then I'm going to
mix that along with my petticoat because
this is such a pretty pink
and top that off with my reah Knicks
round lipstick and pink Manish lip gloss
okay and that's your look pretty pink so
yeah